README.md, before:

# Tensorflow-trigger-job

A application for triggering new builds and jobs for tensorflow-build releases.

### Deploying the application on Openshift as a *Job* :
1. `oc new-build https://github.com/thoth-station/tensorflow-trigger-job.git --image-stream=python --name=tensorflow-trigger`
2. `oc set image-lookup tensorflow-trigger`
3. `oc create --filename openshift/job_template.yaml`
4. `oc new-app --template=tensorflow-trigger-job -p OCP_SECRET=<secret> -p BUILD_MAP="$(cat config.json)" -p SESHETA_GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN=<GITHUB_TOKEN>`

- The build map(config.json) contains the python version and os version for which tensorflow-build is to be triggered. 

##### Structure of config.json:
```json
{
	"python_version": {
		"os_version": "os_registry"
	}
}
```

#### The OCP_SECRETS are the openshift variables:
- OCP_URL = <openshift_url | ex: https://paas.upshift.redhat.com >
- OCP_NAMESPACE =<openshift_namespace | ex: thoth-station>
- OCP_TOKEN = <openshift_token> <p>(Use Service account token for production | For Testing , Session Token can be used(As these have 24hr life))
</br> Store the above information in secret and pass it to the appliction as parameter(shown in step-4).</p>

#### Create *SECRET* in openshift:
```openshift
oc create secret generic <secret-name> --from-literal=OCP_URL= <OCP_URL> --from-literal=OCP_TOKEN=<OCP_TOKEN> --from-literal=OCP_NAMESPACE=<OCP_NAMESPACE>
```

 - All the tensorflow build related parameters can be passed to step-4 as parameters.(Default: fedora28 python36)

### Deploying the application on Openshift as a *Buildconfig, Deploymentconfig*
- `oc new-app https://github.com/thoth-station/tensorflow-trigger-job.git --image-stream=python --name=tensorflow-trigger`
- `oc set env dc/tensorflow-trigger <varibales key:value>`
- `oc set env --from=secret/<secret> dc/tensorflow-trigger`

or 

- `oc create --filename openshift/buildconfig_template.yaml`
- `oc create --filename openshift/deploymentconfig_template.yaml`
- `oc new-app --template=tensorflow-trigger-buildconfig`
- `oc new-app --template=tensorflow-trigger-deployment -p OCP_SECRET=<secret> -p BUILD_MAP="$(cat config.json)" -p SESHETA_GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN=<GITHUB_TOKEN>`

Commit message:

resource quota check and dynamic instance variable creation from build map

README.md, after:

# Tensorflow-trigger-job

A application for triggering new builds and jobs for tensorflow-build releases.

### Deploying the application on Openshift as a *Job* :
1. `oc new-build https://github.com/thoth-station/tensorflow-trigger-job.git --image-stream=python --name=tensorflow-trigger`
2. `oc set image-lookup tensorflow-trigger`
3. `oc create --filename openshift/job_template.yaml`
4. `oc new-app --template=tensorflow-trigger-job -p OCP_SECRET=<secret> -p BUILD_MAP="$(cat config.json)" -p SESHETA_GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN=<GITHUB_TOKEN>`

- The build map(config.json) contains the python version and os version for which tensorflow-build is to be triggered. 

##### Structure of config.json:

- OS Version specific variables can be specified inside the os_version value with Upper Case Key variable(required).</br> Ex: "TF_NEED_HDFS": "{1|0}" 

```json
{
	"python_version": {
		"os_version": {
			"S2I_IMAGE": "os_registry",
			"BAZEL_VERSION": "bazel_version",
			"TF_NEED_CUDA": "{1|0}"
		}
	}
}
```

##### Check for the Resource Quota:

- The functionality of resource quota check while triggering builds and jobs is provided in the application. Required variables to set:

	**NOTE:** Resource quota logic is defined based upon job resource. If limits are changed please make sure to change the required changes in resource quota check modules.

	To Set the name of the resource quota:</br>
	- `QUOTA_NAME = <resource_quota_name> (default: <namespace>-quota )`</br>
	
	To Disable the check for resource quota:</br>
	- `RESOURCE_QUOTA = 0 (default: 1)`</br>

	(Pass it as a parameter in Step 4 of Deployment)</br>
	
##### The OCP_SECRETS are the openshift variables:
- OCP_URL = <openshift_url | ex: https://paas.upshift.redhat.com >
- OCP_NAMESPACE =<openshift_namespace | ex: thoth-station>
- OCP_TOKEN = <openshift_token> <p>(Use Service account token for production | For Testing , Session Token can be used(As these have 24hr life))
</br> Store the above information in secret and pass it to the appliction as parameter(shown in step-4 of Deployment).</p>

##### Create *SECRET* in openshift:
```openshift
oc create secret generic <secret-name> --from-literal=OCP_URL= <OCP_URL> --from-literal=OCP_TOKEN=<OCP_TOKEN> --from-literal=OCP_NAMESPACE=<OCP_NAMESPACE>
```

 - All the tensorflow build related parameters can be passed to step-4 of Deployment as parameters.</br> (Default: fedora28 python36)

### Deploying the application on Openshift as a *Buildconfig, Deploymentconfig* (<span style="color:blue">Deprecated</span>)
- `oc new-app https://github.com/thoth-station/tensorflow-trigger-job.git --image-stream=python --name=tensorflow-trigger`
- `oc set env dc/tensorflow-trigger <varibales key:value>`
- `oc set env --from=secret/<secret> dc/tensorflow-trigger`

or 

- `oc create --filename openshift/buildconfig_template.yaml`
- `oc create --filename openshift/deploymentconfig_template.yaml`
- `oc new-app --template=tensorflow-trigger-buildconfig`
- `oc new-app --template=tensorflow-trigger-deployment -p OCP_SECRET=<secret> -p BUILD_MAP="$(cat config.json)" -p SESHETA_GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN=<GITHUB_TOKEN>`
